1. How do you stay updated about topics in Flutter/Dart and active in the community? (Discord/Slack/MeetUps/Twitter)
A) i) Discord: I am a part of some Discord channels dedicated to Flutter. The Flutter India Community Channel and the London App Brewery Flutter Channel on discord help me to find inspiration for new projects.
ii) YouTube: I follow the official Flutter YouTube channel to check updates about Flutter. Apart from that, I follow channels like The Flutter Way, mtechviral, and Kalle Hallden to learn more about Flutter.
iii) Medium: I actively follow the Flutter Community on Medium which has amazing write-ups related to Flutter and Dart.


2. Your most used IDE/keyboard shortcuts when coding. (for Flutter/Dart)
A) These are my most used IDE shortcuts:
i. Command + S : To hot reload and to format the code automatically
ii. Alt + Enter : To open the context actions of a particular widget in a dropdown. (Lets you wrap it with other widgets like Center, Padding, Container etc.)
iii. stless/stful : To create a Stateless (stless) or Stateful (stful) widget quickly without writing code to define widgets every time.

3. How do you approach responsiveness when coding an entire screen? (You can attach code snippet for better explanation).
A) There are two ways I approach responsiveness when coding in Flutter:

i. When coding for Flutter Web:
Writing code for Flutter Web requires us to code the app for a variety of device sizes which might be desktops, tablets or mobiles.
I create and a file called responsive.dart that contains the class Responsive which is responsible for handling the app for change in screen size.
I use the Responsive class and its functions in the app wherever necessary.
Typically, a Flutter Web app might also require coding entire screens differently for desktops and mobile/tablets and I do that when it is necessary.

ii. When coding for different mobile screen size for an app:
This is comparatively easier as the change in size is much less as compared to the above case.
I use LayoutBuilder and MediaQuery to get information from the device to build responsive UI.
This includes the height/width of the screen or the orientation of the device which help me to code the app with respect to the device and not with hard-coded values which may cause errors.
Along with this, different widgets like Flexible, Expanded, Flex, Wrap, etc. to paint the widgets as ratios and not define them absolutely.


