1. Attach a pubspec.yaml file from one of your past flutter projects.
A) Add file to "technical" folder

2. What is your understanding of the term “State Management” when talking about Flutter App Development. Explain it in your own words.
A) 
For the term 'State Management', firstly let me tell about 'State', basically it is the local data, a widget can hold after
it has been rendered. If one has to change the state of widget he has to update the setState() function of the widget(in stateful ones)
Basically there are 2 types of widgets, stateless and statefull .
The stateless widget does not have any internal state i.e. it built once only and no dynamic changes is possible in its state.
The statefull widget is dynamic and has a setState() function which is modified for modifying the state of widget.

Now lets take an example to understand why state management is very important,
lets say, there is a coding contest going on in which various users are making their submissions and viewing the ranklist in order to
see their respective ranks at that moment, so as the users are solving the question their rank changes and it should be updated in
in the ranklist dynamically in order to be updated. So basically this is a state which is changing dynamically and it should be managed efficiently
in order to achieve good performance.So like this 'state management' comes into picture.
In flutter state management is of 2 types:

1) Ephemeral State
2)App state

1) It is a state that contains in a single widget, so in this type of state one does not needs to use state management techniques.
for example, a counter button.

2) It is a state, which is related to various widgets i.e., it is the state which we want to share to various parts in our app and
want to keep between user sessions, hence can be used globally. For example: Login information, notifications of an app.
For this type of state, we manage it in flutter by using various techniques such as by using provider package, a third party library.


3. When/Where do you usually encounter bugs in your development process?
A)
1)I face bugs as I forget exception handling during the implementation of an http request.
2)I sometimes forget about checking whether the data has been arrived by streamBuilder/FutureBuilder,
which results in a null value error for some time when the screen loads. 
3)I sometimes face difficulty while handling overflow error, where I have to think to adjust the widgets in the available size,
such that it fits best for different resolutions. 